Remove steps from generating content (#3017)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_exporting-the-library-environment-in-a-syncable-format.adoc

You can export contents of all yum repositories, Kickstart repositories and file repositories in the Library environment of an organization to a syncable format that you can use to create your custom CDN and synchronize the content from the custom CDN over HTTP/HTTPS.

ifdef::satellite[]

> You can then serve the generated content using a local web server on the importing {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then serve the generated content on a local web server and synchronize it on the importing {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.
```

endif::[]

ifndef::satellite[]

> You can use the generated content to create the same repository in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization using content import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the generated content to create the same repository in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization by using content import.
```

> On importing the exported archive, a regular content view is created or updated on your downstream {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On import of the exported archive, a regular content view is created or updated on your importing {ProjectServer}.
```

For more information, see xref:Importing_a_Content_View_Version_{context}[].
endif::[]

> You can export the following content in a syncable format from {ProjectServer}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export the following content in the syncable format from {ProjectServer}:
```
Assuming there's only one syncable format.
